Mr Scarecrow
Peppa and George are playing at Grandpa
and Granny Pig's house today.
Hello, Grandpa Pig!
Baba lg!
Hello, Peppa. Hello, George.
Grandpa, What are you doing?
I'm making a flower garden.
Ooooh.
These seeds will grow into beautiful flowers.
I drop the seeds on the ground.
Then I cover the seeds with earth.
Oh! Where have they gone?
The seeds have disappeared.
That's strange.
I'm sure I put some seeds here.
Yes, Grandpa.
We saw you.
Well, they're not here now.
Oh, well.
I. II just have to use some more.
As I was saying,
I simply drop the seeds on the ground.
A little bird is eating
Grandpa Pig's flowerseeds.
Get off my seeds!
So that's where all my seeds went.
Into the little bird's tummy!
Two more little birds are eating
Grandpa Pig. S seeds.
Oh! Look!
Ah! Shoo! Shoo!
What's all this noise?
Granny Pig, the birds are eating
all my flowerseeds.
So we're chasing the birds away!
There. S no point chasing them.
They'll just come back again.
Look! We need a scarecrow.
What's a scarecrow?
A scarecrow is a strawman
that scares birds away.
What a good idea, Granny Pig!
I'll make one!
Come on, everyone.
Bye bye, Little birds!
We're going to make a scarecrow.
This is Grandpa pig's garden shed.
There'll be plenty of things in here
to make a scarecrow.
First, we need two sticks
and some strings.
We'll find them.
Peppa has found some sticks.
George has found some string.
Good! I'll tie the sticks together
to make the body.
Granny Pig has found some straw and an old sack.
Lovely! I'll put the straw in the sack
to make the head.
Now, the scarecrow
needs something to wear.
Here's a bag of old clothes.
Oooh!
George has found a dress.
Silly George!
Mr. Scarecrow doesn't
want to wear a dress.
Peppa has found a coat.
Very good! Peppa.
George has found a hat.
Very good! George.
Mr. Scarecrow needs a face.
That. S right.
Would you and George
like to paint a face?
Yes, please.
George paints the eyes and nose.
Peppa paints the mouth.
Fantastic!
Mr, Scarecrow is ready.
Hooray!
The little birds are looking for
Grandpa's flowerseeds.
Look! The little birds are back.
Don't worry, Peppa.
Mr. Scarecrow will scare them off.
It worked.
Mr. Scarecrow has scared
the little birds away.
Hooray!
Good! Now,
my flower seeds will not be eaten.
Oh, Grandpa,
the bird look very sad.
Yes, they must be hungry.
That's why I've brought this.
What. S that, Granny?
It's a birdfeeder.
Grandpa,
may I have some seeds, please?
Come on, birdies! Lunchtime!
Now, the birds have their own seeds to eat.
Hooray! The little birds are happy again!
Peppa is glad that Grandpa's seeds
will not be eaten.
But she is even more glad that
the little birds will not be hungry.